wrote herself childish and in honor of our
grandfathers danil
Moscow
that's what you have it's a form of punishment
wean and creatively yes it is clear that
would always either like to talk
need to strictly on it to stand or can
be swelling maybe show you
displeased
maybe somewhere silent maybe it's not
only talk this above the roofs
promotion promise
here come the words of water and
it is desirable that tomorrow will come from the day
for the day with the help of a needle here tomorrow
cake Zaporizhia shop birthday
then sunday 1 attention and forgiveness
sunday here after which helpers already
in the kitchen of childhood
us to
and